When the voice finished its countdown, the three gates crashed down into the ground, yet a blue barrier remained. Beyond the barrier, I could see that, like the name implied, the Wasteland was nothing but flat land with the occasional hill. There were various campfires placed at various spots around the field and I saw two altars at the north and south ends of the area.

                    "Follow me!" Sylvus said as she started flying down our lane.

                    I activated my greaves and sped off after her. Despite the fact that my artifices could make me faster than most land creatures, I had a hard time keeping up with Sylvus. We passed another fort which had two towers on either side and a well. Then we passed through another gate and tower combo before she finally stopped. Seconds after we made it to our destination, two people ran through a red tinted gate in front of us.

                    The left one was a burly man that had way more upper-body muscle than lower. He only wore cloth around him and a necklace around his neck. The one on the right was a woman that held a bow in her left hand. At her back was a quiver and at her waist was a belt full of different kinds of vials.

                    As soon as she saw us, she took one of her arrows, dipped it into a vial of red liquid and fired it. The arrow burst into a comet of fire as soon as it was loosed from the bow and I had to duck to the side in order to avoid it. I then activated my gauntlets and sent an ice shard at her. Yet I could not see if I hit her because the man immediately rushed to me and slammed a fist into my face.

                    I stumbled back and managed to dodge another punch. My hand thrust forward and fire lashed. The force of the attack sent the man inching backward. I then summoned my ice blade and slashed it in a diagonal. The razor sharp ice cut into his shoulder and he yelled out in pain.

                    "Pull back, Quael!"

                    Instinct took over and I worked my way into a fighting retreat. Using my mentor's training, I focused on my defenses and inching my way back toward the gate. The man followed me for a few seconds, but then backed off himself when he noticed where I was going.

                    "Drink from the well!" Sylvus yelled.

                    She was in the air and sending down blast after blast of magic. For a moment, I was confused. How was she able to use magic without artifices? I growled and shook my head. Not important.

                    I activated my greaves and ran back toward the well. The bucket was out of the well and full of water. When the water touched my lips I could immediately feel the healing power flow throughout my body. That punch must have taken a lot out of me as when I was healed, I felt much better.

                    With that done, I returned to Sylvus to find that dozens of small wolves had joined us. Half of them had a blue tint to them and the other half had a red tint to them. Sylvus was currently attacking the red ones while the man attacked the blue ones. The archer was taking shots at Sylvus instead of attacking with her partner.

                    "Focus on the red wolves!" Sylvus yelled to me, "We have to get them to the gate!"

                    I was not sure what was going on and why, but I knew better than to not listen to someone more experienced than me. If my mentor taught me nothing else, it was that.

                    So, I ran forward, launched myself into the air, and fell down to slam my hands into the ground. The spikes of fire and ice shot out of the dirt and crashed into the red wolves. The blue ones were not affected at all by my attack and even took advantage of it by pressing their own offense with me. Within seconds, the number of red wolves went up from about a dozen to about five, which was then taken care of by Sylvus's strange magic.

                    The burly man had taken a couple of the spikes into his body and he snarled in annoyance. He sent a punch at me, but this time I was ready for it. I ducked below it, covered my fist in fire and curved it up into an uppercut. My fist connected with the man's jaw and he was sent into the air for a split second. Between him and the ground, I saw the archer pull back an arrow and let loose. I did not see her put the arrow in a vial, but it was currently frosting over and I could hear the ice crackling. I had no chance to move before it pierced through my shoulder armor and embedded itself.

                    Sylvus cried out and comets of some kind of purple energy crashed into both of our opponents. They were launched back and their bodies were limp as if they were rag dolls. Seconds later, they disappeared into blue hexagons that floated into the air before dissipating.

                    I stood aghast. What the hell just happened?

                    "Quael!" Sylvus shook me, "Focus!"

                    I blinked at her, "What was that?"

                    "They died, but there is no permanent death. They will be back. Focus on getting that gate down!"

                    She took word to action as she followed the wolves to the gate and started flinging spells at it. The top of the gate towers extended out into long cylinders similar to Travis and Rouge's weapons and started shooting out metal orbs. I would have figured that they would attack Sylvus, as the most powerful creature there, but instead the towers just focused on the wolves that clawed and bit at the wooden structure.

                    I ran up to the gate and started slashing at it with my elemental blades. As I did, I asked, "Can you please tell me what the hell is going on? I am happy to defend myself against our foes, but I would like to understand this place."

                    She grabbed the back of my armor and pulled me back. That is when I noticed the wolves were all dead and the cannons were aiming at us. The metal orbs crashed into the ground and I could feel the impact even though I no longer touched the dirt.

                    "What were you told?" Sylvus asked.

                    I planted my feet on the ground after she let me go, "That I had to win the match in order to return home. That I would be fighting with others."

                    She paused as she expected me to continue. When I did not she tilted her head, "That's really it?"

                    I nodded.

                    She sighed, "There is way too much to explain. Basically, you are standing on the Dimensional Chain, a core of the multi-dimension world. And you better get used to this. Because you are stuck here for the rest of your life."

                    I blinked at her, "What?"

                    "Yes. There is no time here. No system of days, months and years. I could not tell you how long I have been here, but I have fought in at least twenty fights."
