Barking came from the enemy gate and we looked to see that our two opponents were back and they were following their red tinted wolves toward us. While they were far away, but I could still tell that they were itching for payback.

                    "Shit, they are back way too quick! We have to defend the gate!"

                    With that, she rushed forward and started her barrage on their path to our gate. But I could only stand in place. Was I lied to? Am I really stuck here? I am only really doing this fight to get back home, but if I was stuck here, then what the hell was I doing?

                    Sylvus was slammed back and collided into me. We both fell back and she started disappearing into the blue hexagons. As she did, though, she whispered, "I know you have doubts. I did too. But also know that if you lose here, you will be killed. There is a reason every fighter here has a winning streak."

                    Her body completely vanished and her weight completely disappeared from me. I looked at where she was stunned. I was very confused. Yet, if she was right, I was just given my incentive to keep fighting. She could have been lying or just plain mistaken. However, I thought the risk of ignoring her was too large.

                    I rose to my feet and as the realization of the situation sunk in I grew furious. The flames and ice from my artifices seemed to pulse with my rising heart rate and my breaths grew heavy. My two opponents looked at me, gave me grins, and rushed for me.

                    Fire lanced forward from my right hand and crashed in front of the archer. She was sent back by the force but the man kept coming at me. Even when the shard of ice pierced his shoulder.

                    His fist swung at my head. I ducked under it and covered my hands in fire and ice. The man learned his lesson, though, and he grabbed my arms below the coverings of the elements. He then swung me around before sending me to the ground. My head cracked against the dirt and felt like I was spinning in a tornado. Yet, I managed to plant my feet on the ground and use my artifice to launch myself into the air.

                    The man did not let go. He even tried to pull me back to the ground. However, my momentum was too great and when I went over his head I could hear him growl in pain as his shoulders nearly popped out of their sockets. I felt him let me go and I immediately spun and swept his legs from under him. He fell onto the ground with a large thud but I had no time to celebrate.

                    The archer did not really have a clear shot of me with her ally in the way, but now she did and she took it. Three different arrows flew in a triangle pattern at my head. I threw myself into a roll over the downed man and slid into a spin.

                    The spin let me avoid two more arrows and I retaliated quickly by throwing a blast of both fire and ice mixed. Ice fused with fire into steam which helped increase the damage of the spell as it collided into the archer. She slid along the ground, holding her arms to her face as if trying to protect it.

                    When she pulled her arms down again, I was already in her face and my fist of fire connected hard. With a cry of pain, she flew back and landed on her back in front of her gate. More of her wolves were running out of the gate, but my wolves were already right at the cannon's range and there was little risk from them.

                    Something wrapped around my body and I was lifted off of the ground. I kicked and struggled but all I accomplished was to give him more incentive to squeeze harder. Air escaped my lungs and then was not allowed to return. My struggles were more frantic and his squeezes tightened harder in response. It was an endless cycle that with my strength I could not escape from. And he was smart by keeping a position where I could not use my greaves to blast myself away.

                    My rescue came from behind.

                    I heard a loud boom that nearly took out my left ear. But a split second after, the crushing weight around my body immediately vanished and I fell to the dirt sucking in as much air as I possibly could. The breaths came out in coughs which wracked my body completely. I looked up to see Yaelia pointing one of her barrel-like weapons at the burly man and running over to me.

                    "Can you stand?" She asked.

                    I rose slowly to my feet and rasped, "Yeah. I'm fine."

                    She started messing around with her barrel weapon, "Good, cause this fight is not over."

                    To make her point, she swung that weapon around, aimed at me, and fired. I nearly jumped out of my skin and there would have been no time to get out of the way. However, I felt whatever the thing shot fly past my shoulder and heard the sound of something hitting flesh.

                    I turned and found that the archer was clutching at her shoulder and gritting her teeth against the pain. She was hesitating. Yaelia gave me an opportunity.

                    I started up my greaves and flashed toward the woman. My gauntlets summoned two elemental blades and I quickly swung them in diagonals. She flinched with the swings and I knew that she was about to 'die.' If nothing else, the burns would exhaust her.

                    Yet, she managed to pull off one of her vials and slammed it into my belly. Immediately, I could feel the burn as if she set my skin on fire. I mouth opened in a cry of agony and I could feel my life start to fade.

                    "Don't worry!" Yaelia said, "You'll be back! Look around the field!"

                    My final thoughts were, What the hell did she mean by that?
