I felt nothing. There was no air, no heat, no sight and no pain. Only emptiness. I was not sure how to take that. I knew Sylvus said I would not be dead permanently and our two opponents came back. Yet, the doubt still lingered. Especially when the only thing my body could register was my own thoughts.

                    Then, my vision exploded in blue light and suddenly the whole battlefield flashed into existence. Tiny figures ran across the lanes of the field. I could see Yaelia hold her ground against the burly man at the bottom lane. Both of them looked exhausted, but Yaelia had the upper hand against him. Looking to the middle lane, I could see Rouge hiding in the shadows of our middle gate firing in rhythmic bursts at a woman who held a shield in either hand. She was deflecting each shot with the shields, but she could not gain much ground as Rouge kept pounding his shots into her. I could see that the enemy's gate on that lane was untouched except for a couple of dents here and there probably from the wolves. Yet, our gate there was also untouched. So, Rouge was just holding the enemy back.

                    Explosions drew my attention to the top lane. Travis and Sylvus were bringing down heavy fire against their opponents. Travis held his large weapon and fired shot after shot after shot into the gate. Sylvus was holding back their two opponents from attacking Travis.

                    One of their opponent was a man who held a sword larger than anything I have ever seen. It was taller than he was! Yet, the man handled the weapon expertly and the only reason Sylvus was not sliced in half was because she kept her distance from the man.

                    The other opponent was a petite woman that looked like she was only about two feet tall. Yet, she handled magic with a way that I had never seen before. With one hand, she mixed two different spells together. With the other hand, she held onto three different kinds of defense spells. Yet, looking closer, I could see that she had her eyes closed and that she stood in place. So, she had great power and skill, but it required her to hold a massive amount of concentration. I honestly did not think that she had any awareness of anything going on besides her target.

                    "Respawning in thirty seconds."

                    I nearly jumped out of my skin. The voice echoed all around me, even though there were no surfaces to reflect sound. What did it mean by respawning? Was I about to be sent back into the battlefield? Where would I be placed and where do I go? I could go to the top, but Sylvus and Travis seemed to be holding their ground well. Rouge seemed like the kind of person that would be annoyed if someone tried to come and help him. Which meant that the only option was to go right back down to the bottom.

                    "Three. Two. One. Respawning."

                    Similar to the feeling I had when I was 'teleported' into the Wasteland I returned to the battlefield. I opened my eyes to find that I was on the same platform that I started the battle on, and started running down the stairs. When I got to the base of the statue, I felt the earth start rumbling.

                    Shocked, I turned to the source of the shaking. The statue of the wind woman was glowing a bright green. And from within the statue, I heard the most beautiful voice.

                    "I have arrived my heroes." The glow of the statue pulsed with her words, "Destroy Helgath's altar so I may return nature to this land."

                    With her command done, a magical echo of the statue rose and shot toward the center of the battlefield. Following in her wake, the land quickly flourished in green plant life and somewhere to my right I could hear the gurgling of a stream.

                    However, since the Wasteland was very flat, I could also see another magical echo similar to the one that came out of our statue but black fly toward the center. They collided with each other and I could feel the earth under my feet start pulsing as if it was fighting with itself. I also noticed that the two altars I saw before were glowing. The one to my left was pulsing the same bright green as our statue. The other one was pulsing a dark and oozy black.

                    I activated my greaves and ran to Yaelia. I arrived to find her attacking the enemy's gate and getting close to tearing it down. She noticed my arrival and said, "Just in time."

                    "What is going on?" I asked as I summoned my spells to help with the gate.

                    "Ignore the gate!" She said, "We have to destroy the altar! Yeria will help us push forward if we can weaken Helgath!"

                    I blinked at her, but then nodded. Turning toward the altar, I could see that the battlefield was split in half. On our half was the greenery that appeared before, but the other side was covered with dark cracks and skulls. As if the Wasteland was decaying. Also, around the altar, no matter what side, was decaying.

                    My fire and ice blades formed in my hands and I started hacking at the altar. With each chip I broke off of the structure, I could see and feel the area around me growing with plant life. It took me about a minute of hard work, but I finally destroyed it.

                    "Thank you, heroes."

                    I turned around and saw the two echoes still struggling. Yet, the black echo started fading out of existence. The green echo took the opportunity and completely enveloped her opponent into her. She then started compressing upon herself and within seconds the black echo was gone. As soon as it was, the whole land became as lush as our half of the field. And with that, I felt faster and healthier.

                    "Good job!" Yaelia yelled to me, "Time to push forward!"
