The fight went on for an hour. And it was not looking good for my team.

                    I was at the top lane with Travis. Our outer gate was completely destroyed, and the fort between the outer and inner gate was almost destroyed. The support cannon for the fort was destroyed and the healing well had been demolished about fifteen minutes ago. We were being pushed really hard by three the enemy team here and were barely hanging on.

                    Rouge was still in the middle lane and was able to move forward. His opponent for the whole fight moved up to the top lane with us and so his area was empty save for the wolves. He managed to get their outer gate destroyed, but with it being only him the fort and cannons were still intact. Yet, he slowly pushes on. Because of his defense, though, our gate on that side was still undamaged.

                    Yaelia and Sylvus were at the bottom lane and they miraculously turned a heavy assault into a rout. The enemy pushed their way all the way to the inner gate. We had three of us trying to defend that lane, yet we were held back at every avenue. The pair of them, though, used Sylvus's flying to their advantage and fought the enemy off with their Chain Abilities. They now had the enemy's outer gate destroyed and were working on the outer fort.

                    The problem was that the battlefield was in their favor in all aspects. Not only did they have more of our structures destroyed than we had theirs, but they also managed to get our goddess's altar destroyed and so they were getting their goddess's benefits. All around us, the land was dry, cracked and decaying. We had to make our defense perfect or else they could take advantage of our hole and end us quickly. And they knew it too.

                    I ducked under the massive greatsword from the man in front of me. He then spun around, keeping his momentum, and slammed it downward in a hammer-like motion. My knees popped up in a side leap and I swung my elemental blades. They managed to catch him in the side but he ignored it as he followed my motion with his weapon. I intercepted his attack with my elements but the pure force sent me crashing against our fort. I could not damage it, especially with my own body, but I was stunned by my head cracking against it. When my vision recovered, I saw that greatsword about to skewer me against the stone fort. I flung my weapons up in pure reflex and got the blade to slice my shoulder on its path to the fort instead of my insides. With his weapon useless to him, I rushed forward and slashed my weapons into him.

                    As he scattered into the blue hexagons, I moved on to my next target. The small woman once again had her eyes closed and all of her attacked were focused on Travis who was still moving through sheer force of will. She did not know I was coming.

                    It took me about half of the fight to realize what Travis meant when he mentioned my 'Chain Ability.' Apparently, somewhere along the way I learned how to do a new move. It was something I was pretty sure I would not have been able to do at home. Or if I was, it would have taken decades of practice and honing. Yet, because I was a fighter in the Dimensional Chain, I was able to figure it out within half an hour. This was going to be the first time I tried it out.

                    My greaves activated, and my gauntlets replaced my blades with orbs of fire and ice. When I was about five feet from my opponent, I immediately turned and rushed in a diagonal around the woman. Behind me, following the path I just made, a wall of ice rose up about ten feet. Within the ice I could see a blazing fire as if the ice was just a cage for the true power of the spell. After less than a second of running, I sharply turned and rushed again. I did this six times and the woman did not have enough time to react before she was surrounded by frostfire walls.

                    With her prison created, I launched into the air, flipped inside of the prison and slammed my gauntlets into the ground. Spikes, orbs and shards of ice, fire and frostfire shot out of the ground within the prison like the projectiles from Travis's weapon. I was unaffected by the shots, yet I could hear the woman screaming from about a foot away from me. I pulled my gauntlets out of the ground and watched as the shots then returned back into the prison and pierced through the woman again. When the dust cleared, the prison was gone and the woman was nowhere to be seen.

                    I fell to one knee n exhaustion. My vision pulsed black with my heart rate, which was high with the effort I just made, and I could do nothing but stare at the ground. That took a lot more out of me than I thought it would. Fire and ice burned my hands and my feet felt really soft. I looked at my artifices and found that they were overworked. The magic was pouring out of them like heat from a fireplace. That was the first time that happened. I was usually careful not to overspell my artifices as they took so long to repair if done too many times. Yet, I went into that Chain Ability effortless. I had to be careful. Doing that move at the wrong time could really screw everything up.

                    A hand placed itself on my shoulder, "Can you hear me?"

                    I looked up at Travis and said, "Yeah. That took a lot out of me."

                    "Look." His head tilted toward somewhere behind me.

                    I turned around and looked at where he indicated. It took me a couple of seconds to realize what he was telling me.

                    Our bottom lane inner gate was on fire and a second later was blown back from some large force. The enemy was in our town.
