"Shit!" I growled.

                    "Sylvus and Yaelia must have fallen." Travis said, "You need to keep the enemy back until they get back."

                    "What about you?" I asked.

                    "I will follow you when I make sure this top lane will be safe."

                    I sighed but nodded. My legs shook with exhaustion but I pushed through it and activated my greaves. It only took me a minute to get back to the town and the other team was only just getting to the fort. I got there in time.

                    Fire and ice covered my fists. I rushed forward and slammed my hands into the ground and spikes of fire and ice traveled the distance toward the two remaining enemies. They were forced back by the attack and I was able to get in between them and the fort. A disk sailed toward me and I had to duck under the shield which curved back around toward the shield woman.

                    With that distraction, though, I was unprepared for the burly man to hammer me down with his two fists. I fell to a knee and was then lifted by an uppercut to the chin. My back hit hard against the fort and I had to roll away from another punch.

                    Damnit. At this rate, I'll let them get the fort!

                    I thrust my palm into the burly man and let loose with a hard hitting fire blast. He was launched into the air and away from me which allowed for a shield to be thrown. It sailed under the man and was aimed right for my face but I swung my left hand up and created an ice wall. I heard a metallic thunk as the disk hit ice and I flung myself up and over it.

                    The shield woman had the same idea and when I got over the wall I met her face to face. Reflex was the only thing that saved me. My hand opened up and caught the metal disk. Through my gauntlet, I could tell that the disk was razor sharp and if I had not blocked it my neck would have been sliced open.

                    However, she was not ready to let me walk away without some sort of injury. As I held back the shield, she lifted her knee up and slammed it between my knees. The pain from that knee at that specific spot raced throughout my body and I curled into myself for a split second. The woman took that second to crash her fist into my face. Pure power sent me flying toward the fort again and it felt as if I actually crashed into it.

                    When I returned to consciousness, I felt stone all around me. As if I was in the middle of a collapsed building. Faintly from somewhere to my left I heard someone yell out a garbled order. Seconds later, what felt like vines wrapped around my arms and hauled me up. Dust filled my lungs and I spent the next couple of seconds trying to cough it out.

                    "They're at the core!"

                    "Push them back!"

                    I dazedly looked up to see a four against five fight around the statue. There was no longer a barely visible dome around it and the storm that was kicking up around it gave the whole town a dark and severe tone.

                    My brain snapped into focus and I unsteadily rose to my feet. If they destroy that core, we lose. They were obviously stronger than us, yet we have managed to keep our defense up for over an hour. We should be able to keep them held back long enough to gain some sort of opportunity to push back.

                    My greaves flashed as I rushed forward toward the shield woman. She did not see me coming until it was too late. I stretched out my arm and slammed it into her neck. Her cry of surprise was interrupted by my punch to her back and then my leg sweep.

                    Before I could continue my assault on the fallen woman, a large force crashed into my side. I was flung away and then sent to the ground by a hammer like blow to my belly. This time, I handled it better and rolled away as soon as I hit dirt. The ground shook with the impact of the burly man's second attack and as I rolled I sent a frostfire blast toward his head. He ducked out of the way which gave me a chance to get to my feet.

                    Instinct yelled at me to move. I activated my greaves and launched myself into the air and saw a green tipped arrow fly between my legs. I turned around, ready to send a blast toward the archer behind me, but a shot from Rouge's weapon echoed throughout the town and whatever projectile it was pierced through her shoulder.

                    I turned my attention to the man with the large greatsword and threw an orb of ice at his feet. His attack on the statue turned into a slip and the weight of his weapon just made it easier for him to fall. Moving him let me see that there was a green glow coming out of the statue's cracks. That must be what they needed to hit in order to win.

                    I felt something rush past my head and turned just in time to see a metal disk curve around and sink itself into one of the larger cracks of the statue. A glass like shattering sound confirmed that the shield hit home and I could feel energy start collapsing into the stone.

                    Before any of us could move, the statue exploded outward. We were all caught up in the blast and I fell to my back. Everything seemed to go in slow motion as the realization hit me. The statue was destroyed.

                    We had lost.
