I felt nothing. I heard nothing. My world was complete darkness and my body felt as if it was floating in space. And I was not sure if I really cared. For all I knew, this could have been death. No Heaven and no Hell awaited. Just emptiness. If there were multiple worlds, like the others said, then maybe the worlds of 'Heaven' and 'Hell' are not a final destination but just normal destinations.

                    Something stopped my chain of thought. Well, it was the fact that I had a train of thought at all.

                    As if that idea was a cue, sounds started slowly oozing their way into my consciousness. Clicks of feet against metal, taps of fingers hitting surfaces and liquid boiling. Quiet conversation came through next and while I could not tell what they were saying I could tell where they were in relation to me. In front of me and about six or seven feet to my left.

                    The blackness surrounding me started fading. Not that it really helped. There was little light in the room. The only sources of light came from rectangular boxes lining the walls of the room we were in. Shadows moved throughout the room and it was hard to tell what was what.

                    Feeling returned slowly. My back was against something flat and cold. The same material was wrapped around my wrists and there was no way for me to twist them. Nothing was under my feet, so I must have been hanging on something. Yet, I could not feel any hooks on my back or anything of the sort. It was as if air itself was holding me up.

                    "Sir," a woman said from my left, "He is awake." Her voice was emotionless. Like a doctor who keeps herself detached from her clients. It was haunting. As if she was the embodiment of Death.

                    "Get another dose ready. Quickly." That man's voice was even deader. Which I did not think was possible. His voice sent a literal chill up my spine.

                    "Yes sir." Liquid poured from one container to another.

                    If what I was thinking was true, then I did not have a long time to find a way out of this. I twisted my hands. Or at least tried to, but like I figured before I could not move them. They would not even budge. Amazingly, though, I felt the familiar weight of my gauntlets.

                    I then tried my feet. They were looser, yet it was still hard to move around. Struggling, I tried to plant the bottom of my feet against the metal surface I was up against.

                    "Stay still." The man said. I felt a hand press against my legs.

                    My body started sweating in reaction to what my mind was thinking. While I could not see it, I could imagine something sharp inching toward me ready to inject whatever has been boiling into me. The fear that rolled throughout my system seemed to activate my greaves. A heavy blast of air shot down out of them and crashed into whoever was holding my legs.

                    A grunt of surprise traveled across the room and the sudden attack gave me an idea. I continuously activated my artifices. The power rocked me in all directions and started loosening the bonds on me.

                    "Hold him down!" The man's voice barked.

                    However, it was too late. I was able to plant my feet on the metal surface and my greaves launched me forward. The bonds broke with the screeching sound of strained metal. I rolled on the ground and came up to my feet. My gauntlets created orbs of fire and ice and the light allowed me to get a better view of the room.

                    It looked like some sort of alchemists room except made of metal and strange glass images that moved. Beakers of liquid boiled all around the room without fire and various men and women stood frightened in front of them. On the wall I was against hung my allies. They all had their equipment still and all of them were unconscious.

                    I rose to my feet and stood in the center of the room.

                    "Get ready." I growled, "This is the end."
