Travis roared up into my driveway and through the garage door which I opened a block ago. His purr gradually died down to silence as if contented with the ride and I swung my leg around to dismount. Landon did the same and seemed to rush toward one of the tables along the walls. It was the only one that was clear and when he let go of the obsidian slab he seemed to sag with relief. Like a boxer who has just won a long fight.
                    
"I'm going to check on Alicia." I said as I pulled off my leather jacket revealing the white button down shirt underneath.
                    
Landon just grunted.
                    
I climbed the small set of stairs up into the house and called, "Angel! I'm home!'"
                    
Even though I did not call her, I could hear the scrambling of tiny claws. Seconds later, a puppy-sized dog careened around the corner to the dining room and leapt at my chest. With a huge smile, I caught the white furred beast and hugged her tight.
                    
"How is my tiny fluff-ball doing?" I asked in my pet-voice.
                    
The Toy American Eskimo in my arms licked my cheeks as she panted happily. Laughter bubbled out of my mouth, "Alright Eskimo. I understand!"
                    
Eskimo pulled her muzzle back and looked in my eyes with the cutest smile a dog could make. Footsteps clicked against the wood floor and Alicia appeared from where Eskimo came from.
                    
She was a natural beauty. Short blonde hair that curled slightly at their tips. Bright blue eyes that always seemed sad yet she had eyebrows that gave her the contradiction of being constantly happy. A tiny upturned nose and thin lips that always seemed to pull me in along with her delightfully tanned skin.
                    
She must have just come home from her early morning shift at the hospital. The blue scrubs wrapped around her small frame very nicely and revealed details that were very pleasant to look at.
                    
"You're home." She said with a small smile, "I just-" She inhaled sharply, "You're injured!"
                    
My eyebrow raised in surprise, "What?"
                    
She rushed to me and started rubbing her hands along my arms. At certain spots, I felt sharp pain from unnoticed scratches and bruises. It was hard for me to hold back flinches from her and it showed in her expression.
                    
"See? Get upstairs." Her tone brooked no descent.
                    
I thought about trying to do it anyway. Alicia was not a part of the path I traveled with Landon. It was too dangerous for her. Hell, it was too dangerous for me yet I figured that I had to do it. For years she has accepted that and just took care of my injuries without any complaint. Lately, though, she has been subtly trying to pull me away from the missions I do.
                    
I nodded, "Sure."
                    
I gave Eskimo a couple more scratches and rubs then put her down and headed around the other corner, down the hall and up the stairs. Turning left, I entered the master bedroom and then the master bathroom attached to it. I removed the button-down shirt, the black jeans and combat boots. Standing in front of the mirror in my underwear I sighed.
                    
I never understood how or why Alicia chose me. Stout was a kind word to describe me. Sure, I had bulging muscles and was fit, but in this world that was one of the worst things to be as a woman. Wide faced, overly muscled and large everywhere except where it counted in the beauty department. If that was not enough, pure white hair flowed down my back and bright red eyes looked right back at pale-skinned me. And not the pale skin of natural skin. I meant the kind of pale that meant I never went out into the sun even though I was outside every day.
                    
I did not even notice it when Alicia came in and started the water in the large tub. I then felt her light arms wrap around my belly and her cheek against my back.
                    
"Come on." She whispered.
                    
Her hands removed the rest of my outfit and I stepped into the now full tub. When we first got the house, she had asked why I needed to get the abnormally large tub. However, within a week of living together she understood. It was hard for me to fit in a normal bath without even trying to consider getting us together in one.
                    
Next to me I heard the rustling of clothes and seconds later Alicia entered the tub behind me. Her hands glided over my skin and she worked special medicines into the wounds. At first, the wounds sent pain throughout my body, but as the medicines worked their magic it became a refreshing sensation. I sighed in relief and leaned back against her.
                    
"I know I have been kind of subtle about this, and your answer has been the same." She seemed hesitant as if she was uncomfortable about the conversation that would start from this, "But I have to ask again."
                    
I bent my head forward. I knew it.
                    
"I know." I said, "But I cannot. Especially now."
                    
She sighed, "Could you at least tell me why? Why do you have to come home every day busted up and bruised? Some days you even look like you are Death itself walking around."
                    
I suppressed the sudden giggle that threatened to burst out. She already worried about me. I did not need to add 'crazy' to her list. But I also could not add 'I may die in two days' to her list either. Right?
                    
I debated it. The only reason I kept her out of my other life as much as possible was to protect her. To indirectly tell her that the world was still normal and that she did not have to worry. Sure, I came home with cuts, scrapes, and other injures not so easily explained but that was a far cry from actually telling her 'hey, things such as zombies, dragons and wizards actually exist!'
                    
She knew who Landon was, but she did not know that he was a wizard. I told her that he was a homeless cop and she believed it. With my agreement, she even let him stay here until he was able to move on his own. But that was years ago and he certainly could have done so. Yet, he still lived with us. I believed that he was doing it to help me protect her and she did it because at this point it was habit.
                    
I did not need to scare her by piling all of this all at once. Yet, did she not deserve to know what was going on? It was an issue that I have been struggling with since I met her oh so long ago.
                    
Alicia noticed my hesitation and patiently waited as she continued to rub her fingers gently.
                    
"Shit." I growled.
                    
She said nothing.
                    
"I don't want to tell this to you. But at this point," I hesitated, "at this point I don't think I can hold this back from you anymore."
                    
Her arms wrapped around my body again, "I am right here."
                    
I sighed. And then I told her.
                    
Everything.
