It took multiple hours. While there were no 'official' groups of wizards or whatever there was a lot to explain. Throughout my explanation Alicia remained silent. The only thing she did was continue to rub at my wounded skin. After half an hour of being in the tub, she gently guided me out of the tub to dry and then to our bed while I kept talking.
                    
When I was finally done, we were both in new clothes and laying down on the bed. I was on my back with my blue button-down and blue jeans. Alicia sat leaning on the pillow next to me in a black tee-shirt and sweatpants. My eyes were on the ceiling yet I could feel her gaze on me.
                    
"That is a lot to take in." She said.
                    
I nodded, "And you can understand why I kept it quiet."
                    
"Yeah. What I am most worried about is that slab."
                    
I snorted, "You and me both."
                    
Alicia shuttered, "It can really kill by putting your name on it?"
                    
"Not quite. The way Landon describes it the user has to use their own blood. Which is something only the desperate or crazy would do."
                    
"Would that not include anyone that would think of using it?" She asked.
                    
I let out a surprised huff, "True enough."
                    
"Do you know how to prevent it from happening?" Her voice was full of worry. Which of course was understandable.
                    
"That's what Landon has, hopefully, been trying to figure out. He's had plenty of time to do it."
                    
I could feel Alicia shaking her head through the bed, "I still cannot believe that he has been a wizard this whole time."
                    
"I could not believe it at first either." I said, "But being on missions with him is what is showing me this world that was right under our noses."
                    
"Are there any monsters and things that I should be worried about?"
                    
"Only what a wizard creates. As far as I know myths do not exist and neither do fairy tales. It is just people who can use magic."
                    
She sighed in relief, "Well, that is something."
                    
"Don't be fooled by that, though. Wizards can certainly create those monstrosities such as the zombies I fought today."
                    
"But I would imagine that those would not be as strong as they are in the stories."
                    
I had to give the woman credit. She was just told that magic existed and some of the basic rules that govern it yet she was still using her brain. Much better than my reaction to the news.
                    
"I don't know. That would depend on the user."
                    
Alicia's next question was interrupted by the whole house shaking on its foundation. We both leapt out of our skin at the sound that came from the garage. Mixed in with the shaking and explosion was sulfurous curses.
                    
I sighed, "Let's check on him before he burns the house down."
                    
My legs were completely stiff as I swung them over the side of the bed. I had to stretch them before I could stand properly. When I was finally able to, we both headed downstairs and to the garage. On the way, we found Eskimo underneath the dining room table trying to hide her face in her paws. Whatever Landon did must have scared the poor dog to death.
                    
I picked up the dog and hugged her as we descended to the garage.
                    
Landon was on his ass leaning against the opposite wall of the garage from where the slab was. His head lolled around and I could tell that he was stunned. Everything around the slab, except the table it sat on, was either on its side or forcefully shoved away from the slab. As if it had exploded with pure force.
                    
Alicia ran over to the stunned mage and checked on him. After a couple of seconds she said, "He is just stunned."
                    
"I soup just hopefully." He muttered.
                    
"No kidding." I grinned at him.
                    
While Alicia looked him over more I moved to the slab. It was untouched. If it was the cause of the explosion then it was able to effect everything except what it touched. And what incited the explosion in the first place?
                    
"I'm alright now." Landon said weakly.
                    
I turned around to find that he was slowly rising to his feet using the wall as a support. When he was fully upright, he shakily returned to the table with the slab.
                    
"What happened?" I asked him.
                    
Even though his mind was still trying to kick back into gear, he turned toward me and nodded his head toward Alicia. I could tell that he was warning me that she was still in the room.
                    
"She knows." I said, "I explained it to her."
                    
His eyebrows tilted in confusion and slight annoyance.
                    
"What the hell else was I supposed to do?! We could die in the next two days!"
                    
He sighed, "Fine." The man turned his attention back to the slab, "I was examining it magically. Trying to figure out what made it tick so to speak."
                    
"Since it exploded in your face, I assume you found something?"
                    
"Nothing concrete." He said shaking his head, "It kicked me off before I could confirm anything. But I did find what might be the link to its power."
                    
I raised my eyebrows in surprise, "What do you mean?"
                    
"Most of its power is contained within it. Like a web of energy that kept moving back and forth throughout its strands. That's how artifacts usually work such as my rings."
                    
I blinked, "I never knew you had rings."
                    
He smirked, "You just don't pay enough attention yet."
                    
"Get to the point." I growled.
                    
He grinned. His mind was put back together, "Remember I said most of the energy was contained. I found three 'strands' so to speak that were connected to something outside of the slab itself. It was when I found that out that the damn thing exploded on me."
                    
"Multiple hours and that's all you got?" I asked.
                    
Alicia piped up, "How many names on that list are still alive?"
                    
Landon nodded to her as if she figured it all out, "Only us two."
                    
My gaze kept going back and forth between those two, "What are you talking about?"
                    
"I was not able to confirm it, but I believe that two of those strands connect directly to you and me. And the third one goes right to the current owner of the slab."
                    
Alicia nodded, "Because of his blood right?"
                    
I tilted my head at her, "How do you figure that?"
                    
Before she could answer, though, we heard something knock loud on the front door. Eskimo, who had been quiet, now started growling. Something she had not done since a couple of weeks after getting her. Alicia and I looked at each other in worry.
                    
The knocks again landed on the door. The dog's growls only grew louder.
                    
"What do we do?" I asked.
                    
Landon quickly grabbed the slab and hid it under a pile of spare parts I had under another table, "We go talk to him."
                    
"Him?" Alicia's voice was shaking with fear.
                    
Landon nodded, "That is our friend. The owner of the slab."
