As we did not want to show the man Alicia, since she was a normal, and we needed Landon for a sucker punch if needed, it was up to me to answer the persistent door knocks. On the way to the front door, I traded Eskimo for Alison and Betsy. I slipped Alison and her holster around my waist and left Betsy around the corner where I could grab it in a rush. With that done, I walked up to the door, which was being knocked on yet again, and opened it.
                    
A boy of no older than twenty stood in the doorway.

His brown hair was cut in a military style. Dark brown eyes looked up at me with the expression of one who was ready for fun and his mouth was turned up in a massive smile. A black Offspring shirt was baggy on him and his blue jeans were similarly baggy around his legs. He held nothing in his hands and his feet just had black sneakers on them.

Yet, I could FEEL the power radiating from him. Either he was careless about hiding his abilities or he was exponentially stronger than Landon. Maybe even both. I had to force myself not to shiver.
                    
"Hello, Normie." He said with a huge grin.
                    
I cringed reflexively at my name. My parents must have been high, drunk, or both when they gave it to me. Thankfully I was surrounded by people who did not care for it either and they normally just called me N.J. or just N. Except for now, as seeing my reaction to my name the twit in front of me smiled even more.
                    
"Why are you here?" I asked.
                    
Without warning, the boy shoved me out of the way and he sauntered in. The muscles where he touched spasmed uncomfortably. Was he really that strong?
                    
My hand twitched to Alison and the urge to blow the guy's brain out came to me swift. He dare enter my home as if he owned the place even after condemning me and a friend to death. And he had power if my recovering body had anything to say about it. After a couple of seconds I managed to restrain it though. We were not sure how to fix our predicament and killing the man or boy behind it might not solve anything.
                    
"I just want to talk." The boy said while looking around at the decorations, "What a lovely house."
                    
I let out a growl, "Talk about what?"
                    
"Now is it not rude to talk about someone behind their back? I know Landon is here. He should hear this too!"
                    
I gritted my teeth, "He is not here. In fact, he is currently looking for you."
                    
The boy snorted, "Do you really think I cannot feel his power in the house? If I remember the house's layout correctly, he is in the garage right now."
                    
My eyebrows shot up. How the hell did he know my house's LAYOUT? Sure, it was probably similar to many houses on the block but how did he know about this house specifically? And how did he know where I lived? Did he stake it out before getting us involved? Did he know about Alicia?
                    
He gave me the smile of a victor. I bared my teeth at him but yelled, "Landon!"
                    
Steps sounded from the garage and Landon appeared down the hall. The boy nodded happily, "Good. Everyone's here."
                    
So, he in fact did not know about Alicia. Good. At least we can keep her safe.
                    
"So, what I wanted to talk to you about." The boy started pacing the dining room. Both Landon and I traced his movements throughout the room. If he made any sudden move we would know about it. "I am sure you have seen my gift to you in my manor."
                    
We both nodded.
                    
"Good good." He said clapping excitedly, "Then that makes things easier."
                    
I blinked, "You did not think we would have seen it?" I carefully made sure not to give any hint that we actually had the damn slab. If he was asking about us seeing it, then he may not have noticed it gone yet.
                    
"I thought you would. Actually, I was almost certain you would. But you two can be a bit unpredictable at times." He chuckled, "Such as the fact that you were actually able to find my manor."
                    
Landon shrugged, "It was not hard. Just follow the damned trail you left behind."
                    
For the first time the boy seemed to lose some of that cocky attitude, "Trail?"
                    
I could not tell if Landon noticed it when he nodded, "Yeah. The magic you have been using has a special stench to it."
                    
The boy blinked, "Is there a cologne for that?"
                    
I nearly barked out in laughter. Thankfully, I managed to hold it in.
                    
"Nope. It's a bit too late for you."

"Well shit." The boy sighed, "Anyway, the reason I wanted to talk. I wanted to make a proposal to you."
                    
Landon and I traded a glance.
                    
"What proposal?" I hedged.
                    
"I will remove my connection to the Death Slab." He said, "I will remove your names so you do not die and I will never touch the slab again. You can do whatever you want with it and I will never try to get it again."
                   
This time Landon and I gave each other a full on look of confusion. Was he recalling going to give up the slab that easily? Why? We had not figured out why he needed or wanted the slab at first but something must have happened for him to be willing to give it away.
                    
"That sounds good." I said, "But what is the catch?"
                    
At that question everything about him turned from a cocky schoolboy to a sinister maniac. His smile turned creepy and it seemed like all of his features became starker, sharper and darker. I was not sure if he did it for effect or if the sudden change caused it but the lights in the whole house started to flicker. Then they died. The only light remaining was what came through the windows.
                    
"Why," he said and his voice became harsher along with the rest of him, "Alicia of course."
                    
As soon as he said that, I heard an explosion from the garage. A motorcycle engine revved up and tires squealed. I ran to the front door, still open, and saw a bike and two riders speed down the neighborhood street. Turning back to the dining room, I saw no one but Landon. The boy was gone.
                    
Fear rushed up my spine as I ran from the front door to the garage and stomped down the stairs. Alicia was nowhere to be seen and the garage door was blasted in. Eskimo was on her side on top of the table I set her down on. I could not tell if she was breathing.
                    
"Fuck!" I screamed.
                    
Alicia must have been one of the riders on the bike taken by the boy. The one we were talking to was not the real one but a well-crafted illusion. And he left me with a horrible choice between two family members. Sure, Eskimo was just a dog, but she was one of the first things Alicia and I got together when we finalized our relationship. The beast meant everything to me.
                    
But so did Alicia.
                    
Landon rushed down into the garage behind me hauling Betsy and yelled, "I got Eskimo! Go!"
                    
I hesitated for a split second unsure of what to do. He looked me in the eye and said, "I will do what I can. You have to save her! Go!"
                    
With that I nodded, grabbed Betsy from him, and mounted Travis. I was glad that the boy had a bike of his own. I was not going to be able to shake him in a car.
                    
Travis roared as if ready for what was to come and easily growled as I shifted gears and kicked him into motion. He slid through the hole in the garage door, squealed as he made the same sharp turn the boy did, and flew down the street.
