There was no time for thought. If I hesitated for a single millisecond it could mean my death. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see my speed gauge. The orange needle contained in the rather fragile glass was slowly tilting toward the left and was already passed the 100 mile per hour mark. I had nothing on to protect me. Not even my combat boots which I had no time to grab after the sudden kidnapping. All I had was the fresh clothes whipping in the wind, Alison at one hip and Betsy at the other.
                    
They had to be enough.
                    
I was not going to accept anything other than Alicia's rescue.
                    
Horns blared before quickly fading away as I swerved in and out of traffic. My target was barely out of sight having a head start of a few seconds and hundreds of feet. He sailed over the street smoothly so I had to assume that Alicia was out cold. She would have been putting up a hell of a fight otherwise.
                    
We crossed over a bridge and at our speeds instead of simply going over we leapt a bit at the top of the curve. I was able to keep myself controlled just fine having decades of experience on a motorcycle and years of doing stuff like this. The boy, however, seemed to have trouble. He wobbled dangerously from side to side. To my surprise, though, he righted himself and kept speeding on. The action, however, slowed him down a bit so I was able to gain some ground.
                    
After a minute of constant movement and my eyes drying from the wind pounding into them, I heard one sound I did not need right now.
                    
Sirens. Multiple converging on our little chase.
                    
Cars immediately started moving to the right hand side, which made it good for me to gain some ground. However, this also gave the cops a good way to catch up to me. And since I was the one closer to them, they would stop me but not the boy.
                    
Cursing, I urged Travis forward. The speedometer was at 150 and still pushing further. Under me, I could feel the heat and shaking of Travis as if he was at the last of his energy. Yet, like a faithful hound he kept going. I was definitely going to upgrade him for his service later. If I survived it that is.
                    
The cop cars were close enough for me to see the red and blue flashing lights reflected off of the surfaces in front of me. I dare not look behind me to see precisely how far away they were, but I assumed that if they kept on us they would catch us within minutes.
                    
"This is the police!" I heard from behind me, "Pull over immediately!"
                    
Like hell I would.
                    
I was very tempted to pull out Alison and open fire. If I did, though, I threatened to send the bike out of control and kill both the boy and Alicia. That was something I could not do no matter what.
                    
The boy turned toward the right and flung himself onto the highway. I forced myself into the turn, Travis squealing in complaint, and managed to ride centimeters away from the protective railing before managing to get back into the center of the road.
                    
We got back into heavy traffic and had to watch for obstacles. However, as we entered the highway I noticed that the boy was closer to me. I must have started to outpace him. Bonus points for Travis.
                    
The boy noticed that, though, and started playing dirty.
                    
I only saw a flash of light before something crashed into the street in front of me. My reflexes kicked in and I sent Travis in a sudden turn. He barely managed to avoid the crater in the street and continued forward. Behind me I could hear the sudden scream of tires as cars had to quickly brake in order to avoid being killed by the crater.
                    
I growled. This guy was going to have a world of hurt when I finally got to him.
                    
He sent another blast toward me and I had to swerve around that as well. The motion, however, sent me dangerously close to hitting a blue car. I righted myself and maintained a safe distance from any car. Yet, the next attack from the boy showed me that trying to do so was pretty hopeless. This time when I avoided on attack I slammed hard into a car and left a massive dent in its side. The vehicle was heavy enough to not be sent spinning away. However, the force of the connection sent my brain in a spiral of its own.
                    
I lost control.
                    
Travis slid and I was flung off of him. All I saw was blinding white yet I could feel every painful bump and scrape as I tumbled over and over and over. What felt like a century later, I finally landed for one final time. Then my whole world became pain. It raced all over my body and I did not have the energy to scream.
                    
Somewhere around me, I could not tell direction anymore, I heard the sound of crunching metal getting closer and closer to me. Seconds later, I heard and felt it slam next to me. Opening my eyes, I could see that it was Travis badly bent, scratched and just purely damaged.
                    
Damnit. It was going to take days to repair him. Did we have the money for the parts I would need? I would have to talk to Alicia about it. She was not going to be happy about it. Maybe I could get a loan.
                    
A foot hit the ground next to me and the sound of it pounded in my head. A head bent down to look at my face. It was the boy. His eyes lighted with anger and hunger. I then felt something crash like a wrecking ball into my belly. Blood exploded from my mouth. Another blow and I was out.
