I was alive. That was something I did not expect. However, I figured that out because my whole body reported pain. A groan escaped my lips without my bidding and immediately heard sounds in response.
                    
"N?"
                    
My muscles froze. It was Alicia and her voice was one of the saddest and most pained things I ever heard from her. The loving girlfriend in me wanted to try and find her, even though I could not see for some reason, and hug her. Yet, when I tried I found that my hands were tied around something behind me. I struggled and heard the familiar clinking of metal against metal. The objects around my wrist must have been some sort of cuffs.
                    
"Alicia?" I asked. It was then that I noticed the echoes of sound. We must have been in some sort of cavernous space.
                    
"Yes." She huffed out a breath as if relieved that I was actually there, "Are you here to save me?"
                    
I hesitated. Could she not see me? Did she think that I managed to find her on my own?
                    
"Well yes… but I won't be able to right now."
                    
I could hear the confused frown, "Why?"
                    
"Like you, I have been taken." I sighed, "Honestly, I'm surprised that I am alive right now."
                    
"Oh." Her voice softened dramatically. Already she had lost hope. While it annoyed me, I could also understand.
                    
"Listen to me." I said, "We will find a way out of here."
                    
Laughter rang out from my right and echoed everywhere, "Are you sure about that?"
                    
Steps thudded from the voice and I immediately recognized the boy's cocky tone. He must have either just entered the room or had been listening to us the whole time. I growled and strained against the restraints. The smarmy bastard laughed again.
                    
"You have to be wondering why I captured both of you."
                    
"Honestly?" I said, "I am just wondering how long it will take me to bash your head in."
                    
"Ooh." He said and I could just imagine that damn grin on his face, "I am so scared." His steps moved over to where I had been hearing Alicia's voice. I heard metal clink and her whimper quietly.
                    
"Don't touch her!" I snarled. Somewhere in the back of my mind I was surprised to hear that it sounded very close to a lioness.
                    
Again the boy laughed, "And you'll do what? Kill me?" Again I heard metal clink and this time Alicia's whimper was louder. "Good luck from where you are." The steps moved back to what must have been the entrance to the room and the sounds of something being dragged followed. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to have a long talk with Alicia here."
                    
A door slammed shut and a bolt squealed. The steps faded. With each sound my anger rose. I do not know how long I was standing there trying to break free. Working with metal as a profession gave me an idea of how strong and resistant each kind of metal was. Somehow the boy had gotten the strongest metal I could think of as after what felt like half a day of struggling I could not break through.
                    
I stopped when I heard the steps returning. The door opened and the dragging sound followed the boy. Good, Alicia was still there. But something seemed wrong. I could not tell anyone how I knew it, but something felt off about the boy's return.
                    
Metal clicked against metal again and the boy chuckled before leaving. No mocking comment. Not even giving a second of our time gloating. Just returned Alicia and left.
                    
As if he was hanging up dead meat.
                    
Panic rose up in my chest and I called, "Alicia?"
                    
There was no reaction from her. The fear in my chest continued to pulse.
                    
"Alicia?"
                    
A ragged breath. Relief suddenly flooded through me. Alicia was alive. That feeling of wrongness did not go away though.
                    
"Are you alright?" I asked.
                    
A weak sob from her. The fear returned in full.
                    
"What is it?" Worry turned my voice from angry to something softer. I feared that I already knew the answer.
                    
"He… h-" She could not get it out between the now explosive sobs.
                    
Knowing I did not want to force her to say it I yelled out, "Hey! Bastard Boy!"
                    
The door to whatever room we were in immediately opened and the boy stepped in.
                    
"Yes?" He knew what I was going to ask. I was even sure that he had waited outside for the chance to say it.
                    
"What did you do to her?"
                    
He walked up to me and I felt his hands on the sides of my head, "See for yourself."
                    
Whatever was covering my eyes disappeared. And I wanted to club the son of a bitch right then and there.
                    
Alicia was standing against the wall right in front of me. Similar to what I must have been like, she had her hands tied behind the small of her back. Unlike me, though, she was completely naked and bleeding. While she had a few scratches and gashes on her limbs and torso the most noticeable runnels of blood were on her legs.
                    
I lift my foot to kick at the boy but he was already out of my reach. Five or six attempts later, I settled with giving him a deadly glare and baring my teeth in a snarl.
                    
"What the hell did you do to her?!"
                    
That cocky grin formed on his face, "I just talked with her."
                    
"She is covered in injuries!" I screamed and tried to force myself from my restraints.
                    
I did not think that shit stain grin could get wider but it somehow did and he shrugged, "I had to use some methods to talk with her, sure. But I needed answers."
                    
Anger boiled over. So much so that there was no more room for rational thought. Or any thought other than to kill the boy in front of me. Metal screeched and I could feel the resistance on my wrists against the thing holding them to the wall gradually lessen.
                    
The boy laughed at that, "You still think that you will be able to escape? After over day under here I'd think you would have learned."
                    
I kept pushing. While I did not pay much attention to it, somewhere in the back of my mind I could tell that the metal binding was about to break. Just a couple more seconds.
                    
He turned around, "I have things I need to do. If you will-"
                    
I crashed into the smug bastard with a shoulder tackle any football player would be proud of. The pure power behind it sent him flailing into the wall next to the bleeding and sobbing Alicia. He spun around to find an over 200 pound monster glaring down at him with murder in mind.
