I did not see the force that hit my chest and sent me backward. My back hit the wall hard but I had already braced myself for a counter. Shin met side with a satisfying sound of escaped breath and the boy went down again. As he fell, though, he lashed his hand out and a whipcord of fire lanced toward me. I lunged toward the side, receiving a strike to my shoulder, and twisted my foot to shoot toward him.
                    
Another whipcord swung in an arc from the floor to the ceiling. I had no time or room to actually get to him so I instead completed my motion. It caused me to spin completely around. I felt the fire fly up between my legs and hit my cuffs.
                    
And then felt the cord wrap around the chains.
                    
The heat from the attack was not enough to break the chains, but I was able to pull it toward me. There was no way for me to know what would happen, but I had hoped it would remove the boy's connection to the spell.
                    
I was only half right.
                    
The connection to the spell was gone, yet the cord lasted long enough to hit my back. Heat burned my skin and I snarled a curse. Yet, the resistance the cord had created was gone with its heat seconds later. Before I could turn around, invisible force crashed into my back and slammed me into the wall. I tried to push myself off but the force hung around and kept me pinned.
                    
The boy laughed and it sounded more menacing than anything else, "You have no idea what day it is, do you?" I continued to fight off the spell. However, it only redoubled as he continued laughing, "You only have a minute to live bitch!"
                    
My eyes widened. Had it really been two days already? Is that really how long I was out? What was about to happen?
                    
"And guess what?" He asked with a voice that dripped with perceived victory, "I am just going to hold you here and watch you die. In front of me and in front of your precious Alicia."
                    
My shoulders fell. In one minute I was going to die. And Landon would as well. Alicia would be a victim to whatever the bastard had planned for her. Despair filled my core like a candle that had just run its wick. The darkness consumed everything and I could feel my muscles start relaxing in defeat.
                    
As if to taunt me, images of what was about to happen filled my head. My imagination had demented fun showing me my body on the floor contracting from a heart attack. Then Landon, standing in my garage furiously trying to figure out the slab, screaming in pure agony, stripping his voice, before falling to the ground. The creature called my imagination told me that the energy from the slab tore out all of the magic he had and a wizard could not live without magic.
                    
Then Alicia was laying on a table. The boy was whipping her and yelling trying to get her to say something. When she was silent he cracked the whip. After five repeats of this cycle, he turned to worse methods. I did not want to see what my imagination played for me. It was horrible.
                    
Seeing those images, something sparked. That candle at my core erupted in a campfire of pure anger. The light from that fire pushed away the darkness. Like hell I was just going to sit here while I died. If I was going to die, I would at least take the smug bastard with me. I would not lie down like a dog.
                    
My vision returned to reality and I felt the spell still holding me against the wall. The cuffs were still around my wrists and I could hear the laughter behind me.
                    
"Thirty seconds!" He cheered.
                    
Thirty seconds? That was plenty of time.
                    
Once again I pushed against the wall. I did not know if the boy had subconsciously lowered the spell's power or what but I managed to pull back enough for me to slip from its hold. The sudden weight off of my body felt euphoric and in the split second of confusion I rushed forward. My target did not have time to react before I slammed a knee into his groin.
                    
The expelled breath was a few octaves higher. I twisted around and swept my leg through his. The boy fell to the ground, but my assault was not over. My foot lashed out and crashed into his torso. His hand flashed up and I felt something uppercut my chin and send me flying across the room yet again.
                    
"You bitch!" He yelled, "Watch as you die!"
                    
Hitting the wall I prepared to send myself forward. Yet I felt something wrap around my heart and start squeezing. Hard.
                    
My thirty seconds must have been over. The slab was working its magic. I halted in place and fell to one knee. My lungs tried to bring breath in. They could not. Through my chest I could feel my heart trying to pump blood through my system and working itself to its eventual death. Blackness started to fill my vision and the boy walked up to me.
                    
"You should have just taken the inevitable like a good girl." He gripped my hair and pulled my head up forcefully so my eyes would meet his, "Now suffer."
                    
Through the pain and the fear racing up my body I gritted my teeth, "Like hell."
                    
I clinched my fist and slammed it into his belly like the bullet from a gun. He crashed into the wall and slid to the ground. The blast that held me against the wall did what an angry woman and a fire whip could not: break the cuffs. Without understanding how I was able to do it, I rose slowly and unsteadily to my feet and stepped toward the boy. If my blackening sight was an indication, I only had a few seconds.
                    
The boy's head lulled back and forth before tilting to look up at me. Even at this moment, he had that confident grin. However, there was also something else mixed in: confusion.
                    
"Have fun in the afterlife." He whispered.
                    
In answer, I raised my foot and kicked his face in. Blood sprayed and flowed. His nose must have broken as well as a few teeth. I kicked again, the force of the attack weaker. More blood as well as some gore. A third kick caused a crater and a fourth shattered pretty much every bone in his head. The fifth killed him.
                    
My heart continued to be constricted and my vision was only a pinpoint. I could not feel it, but my legs must have buckled under me as I started falling back. Through my sight I could tell that I had bounced off of the ground a couple of times before laying down. That was it then. I was at my last breaths.
                    
The blackness took me and I lost sight of the one thing I had been staring at.
                    
Alicia.