I woke up. Which, once again, was surprising. My back was against a soft surface and I could feel something thin over my body. My right ear registered a rhythmic beep beep beep that sounded really familiar. My left ear, however, registered soft conversations. I could not see yet, but I recognized one of the voices instantly.
                    
"You know it's not nice to talk about people behind their back." I said. Or tried to say. What came out did not sound like English but garbled gibberish. It did get the desired reaction though. Cloth rustled and what must have been hands pressed down on the surface I was on.
                    
"N! How do you feel?" Alicia asked.
                    
Her voice was as if from an angel. It was concerned yet also relieved and I could feel it glide through my body reducing the tension I had not felt before.
                    
"Confused." I said and I could tell that my ability to speak was increasing rapidly. My statement actually came out as English, "And thirsty."
                    
With a snort, Alicia poured water next to me, "You may want to open your eyes in order to drink this."
                  
Groaning at what I knew was going to happen, I opened my eyes slowly. Blinding light pierced my brain as all I could see was white. I growled at Alicia as if to say 'see?'
                    
She snorted again and said, "Not all the way silly." Her voice quieted, as if talking to someone else and not wanting me to hear it, "She is grumpy in the mornings."
                    
Growling again, I cracked my eyes open and had much better results. I was in a hospital, which should not have come out as a surprise. The soft surface under me was a hospital bed and its sheets were over me. Alicia leaned over me holding a styrofoam cup of water in one hand and she had a smile on her face. Next to her was a man wearing the scrubs of a doctor. He was looking on with controlled amusement.
                    
"Damn morning people." I muttered.
                    
Alicia turned to the doctor with a 'told you' look. The man's controlled amusement turned into a small smirk. I growled again and allowed Alicia to tilt the water into my mouth. When she finished I asked, "What is going on?"
                    
Alicia gave the doctor a very noticeable and meaningful glance and said to me, "You had a heart attack."
                    
At first, I was confused at her vagueness, but then understood. The doctor had no idea about the magical side of the world. Alicia took the news of the 'second world' well but that was not the same for everyone and the doctor would probably sign us both up for straightjackets if he heard it.
                    
"Must have been working too hard." I said. Alicia gave me a grin that I could tell was just to play along, "I told you to take a break from your work. But did you listen?"
                    
"I guess not." I said.
                    
She nodded and turned to the doctor, "Can we talk in private?"
                    
"I will just be outside." He bowed to us and left.
                    
When the door firmly closed I turned to Alicia, "What happened?"
                    
She took a seat in one of the standard hospital chairs and scooted up so I could see her face. It took her another minute or so to start explaining, "You…" She hesitated then seemed to compose herself, "You killed the mage. And then you collapsed. I almost had a heart attack at that point as I watched your body tense up. Seconds later, you relaxed and I feared the worst. I don't know how long it had been but sometime later Landon burst into the room."
                    
I blinked, "He's alright too?"
                    
She nodded, "He got me free and looked at you. I was relieved when he said that you were alive but that we had to get you to a doctor fast." Her attention turned to the window of the room which I had not noticed until now, "That had been three days ago."
                    
"That long?" I asked.
                    
"Yeah. Landon has no idea how you two are alive. He said that killing the mage may have automatically removed the connection and therefore the slab no longer had the power it needed. What he has done, though, was hide the slab somewhere no one should be able to get it again."
                    
I sighed, "Good." I looked at her, "What did he want from you?"
                    
Alicia looked down, "I don't know. He kept saying something about Nephilim."
                    
"Nephilim? Never heard of that."
                    
"I asked Landon about it once I had calmed down. He said that Nephilim were believed to be the scions of angels and demons."
                    
"That can't be." I said, "I did not think that angels or demons existed."
                    
"He didn't either." She shrugged, "I'm just happy that he was taken care of."
                    
I nodded, "Amen to that."
                    
The chair slid as Alicia rose, "Visiting hours are almost over. Even for me." She kissed me on the lips, "Rest. Tomorrow, if nothing happens, I'll be able to take you home."
                    
I smiled, "Good."
                    
Alicia left the room after giving me another kiss. I stared up at the ceiling, thoughts of the past couple of days rolling around my head. And Nephilim. Then a scoff exploded from my mouth, "There is no such thing."
                    
Then I fell asleep.
